README.md, before:

# Casio Infinisweeper

An endless minesweeper game built for the Casio fx-9750GIII (Might work for other calculators too.).

Filenames are all <= 8 chars because that is the maximum on this calculator.

Due to this program not using any Casio-specific modules, it can be run on desktop
PCs. Keep in mind that the Casio calculators use MicroPython instead of CPython.

## Default Controls

Due to Casio's version of Python not having a `get_key` function, the shell
must be used. This means all commands end with pressing `exe` (`enter` on keyboards).

Commands may be repeated. All will be run. E.g., entering "44444" will move the
cursor or screen 5 tiles left.

- All numbers except `0` and `5`: Move the cursor or screen in that direction.
- `5`: Flag the tile that the cursor is currently on.
- `0`: Check the tile that the cursor is currently on.
- `.`: Switch movement mode between cursor or screen mode.

## Config

The `config.py` file contains various configuration variables; further configuration
requires editing the source code.

Commit message:

Add list of available modules

README.md, after:

# Casio Infinisweeper

An endless minesweeper game built for the Casio fx-9750GIII (Might work for other calculators too.).

Filenames are all <= 8 chars because that is the maximum on this calculator.

Due to this program not using any Casio-specific modules, it can be run on desktop
PCs. Keep in mind that the Casio calculators use MicroPython instead of CPython.
The only modules available on the calculator are Random, Math, and CasioPlot.

## Default Controls

Due to Casio's version of Python not having a `get_key` function, the shell
must be used. This means all commands end with pressing `exe` (`enter` on keyboards).

Commands may be repeated. All will be run. E.g., entering "44444" will move the
cursor or screen 5 tiles left.

- All numbers except `0` and `5`: Move the cursor or screen in that direction.
- `5`: Flag the tile that the cursor is currently on.
- `0`: Check the tile that the cursor is currently on.
- `.`: Switch movement mode between cursor or screen mode.

## Config

The `config.py` file contains various configuration variables; further configuration
requires editing the source code.
